DOCSP-35892: Quick Start docs (#2721)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/includes/quick-start/troubleshoot.rst

.. note::

>    If you run into issues on this step, ask for help in the

Reviewer: S: since this note is included on tutorial pages with multiple steps, I think this should say "these steps" rather than "this step"
```suggestion
   If you run into issues on these steps, ask for help in the
```

Reviewer: unless each page of the quick start is a step, and the steps on each individual page are sub-steps?

Author: Good point. I'll omit "on this step" for this statement across all the pages to eliminate any confusion.
